How do I have an exciting news before the film starts?
For the first time, Marzia and I have a new work together with our own brand.
Called TSUKI
That is, this Tsuki on my body is the meaning of "moon" in Japanese.
Yes, we are obsessed with Japanese culture.
This is a neutral size so you can wear it for both boys and girls.
Or the monster in the night, you can still wear it.
We also have some home products that are original designs.
Are all designed by us
One of the things I really want is the logo on the sleeve.
I really like this one. We also have an oversize (loose version) cap T.
Very comfortable material is very unique and unique
We also have a pink short sleeve with a logo and a cap.
I love this hat because it can finally be worn on my damn head.
We still have if you think you are as cool and cool as me.
It’s the beret! That's right! Hehehe
I dare say you didn't guess it! We still have cool socks.
There is also a calendar and our selection of spice candles
Then go shopping, this is a limited edition
So if you sell it, it’s sold out.
You will... Anyway, I’ll buy it now.
Go shopping, I am very proud of the goods.
I am very proud to be able to produce goods with Marzia.
The process is very fun, I hope you like it.
I think we all agree that YouTube is very *
Good YouTube is the best, of course.
What do you think I want to say? Ha....
Today I am going to browse the "*" on YouTube. I can't tell it.
Today we are going to browse some of the best videos.
And the most friendly message on this site.
You know me, I care about the disadvantaged groups.
Even named those smaller channels to give them some confidence.
Know that one day will become the next PewDiePie
I am killing the little ones, let's continue.
Ah, with a perfect example, don’t like my movie anymore.
Joey Veilleux's film, he will love you.
"Hey guys don't like my movie"
"Sorry, I am not your mother."
Oh!
Don't say it again
"If you don't like it, I swear I will blow you up"
Hahaha, I like this angle is great.
If you don’t like it, I swear, I will die.
You see the muscles of your muscles.
Oh!
For scholars and gentlemen, YouTube is indeed a friendly place.
"Give me a roll!"
Subscribe not like
awesome!
What good movie on this wonderful website?
You are looking for anything!
How do you lift the blue chair on the ground?
Well~ It seems very interesting, let’s take a look.
"Hey everyone"
- "Thank you for coming to the page of the Bluetooth" - not bad
"Today I am going to teach you how to lift the fallen chair up"
It’s not bad.
"You just need to lift it gently"
"If the chair doesn't get up, don't worry about it."
Allen, your chair is not bad, but you probably haven’t seen my chair.
As long as the US dollar 399, if it falls, you can call it back!
US$399 very good price
You know that this chair really won’t fall, even if you
Ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah ah
YouTube is really a great site but the wonderful part of the community
Of course, I am talking about YouTube's message area. They are the best!
The most friendly and wise area on this site.
You can find everything by browsing the YouTube message area.
"Listen to this music in Australia"
"Too cool, thank you for your support!"
"I didn't say that I like it or that he is good."
"Sounds very * mentally retarded"
Wow, creators and fans interact on YouTube is the best
YouTube is too motivating
Someone decided to upload Michael Sarah's face...
Isn't it great to see everyone on this network so creative?
"I am a child, I am nine years old"
"I am nine and a half years old"
"You, he* shut up"
I am a bit too mean.
But sometimes you have to give the Buddha a little bit of color.
They always want to use your fart to blow you up
You got him * shut up
"It’s good to laugh at the big tooth thief"
"How many (嗝) chromosomes do you have?"
"I am sure more than you"
噢~ He was smashed by the murder!
Damn you can't provoke Wizzy PvP, he has super chromosomes.
He will take you back to the Stone Age.
God, that guy is too strong, too embarrassing.
I am proud of being able to prosper on this wonderful platform.
Great, I just want to spend the rest of my life here.
"I am very sorry to inform this news that PewDiePie has cancer."
"But he doesn't want his "Ding" readers to know"
"Because it is too big for them."
"What? You liar"
"I am serious, I am his doctor, I diagnosed it."
"I am sorry"
"Why? Bad things happen to me!!!"
The DOM is completely correct. He is my doctor.
I was surprised that he obviously leaked the patient's secret.
No one should know what he learned when he played with my eggs.
But Brett doesn't want to be discouraged! I will be fine.
Whether or not my testicles
I still shoot the movie because I love to take YouTube videos too.
Even if I have a life-threatening illness, I will not quit!
I want to continue shooting
So that I can die faster
"Does anyone know this song?"
"know"
"Thanks!"
"you are welcome"
Isn’t it great to see YouTube’s netizens working together?
Like a big group! 喔~ Too motivating~
I really hope that my netizens are also so helpful.
My netizen is simply a poison tongue.
Oh...
I kicked the wall and played for 12 minutes and 29 seconds until my dad told me to stop.
Finally, there is a successor to PewDiePie. Let’s take a look.
What is this? How to be a son?
Does his dad really come?
Oh
(I can not hear you)
Wow
We found the best videos on YouTube!
We really reached the peak! Congratulations to the calf man you won
This prize!
Can't wait for the calf man to have any new work in the future
I like the whole movie too much.
Look at the whole department like it! (He didn't finish it)
"No, I just want to watch the game movie of Black ops 3!"
"Let your screen narrow!"
Stupid woman gets out! Can you let this lady roll out of the camera?
I just want to see that flower!
Wow, those roses, wow, is the enlarged double bed?
Oh
Who said that whites have no culture?
Not very good, thanks to YouTubebb for whites to find their culture.
Deserve our pride
Diary 30th day: Superheroes are going to school
The thirtieth day of the diary: being humanized
Let’s take a look
"Everyone is ready to go to school early"
"These are earrings"
No, I can't stand it.
YouTube is a movie element like a bang!
But only the best and best looks will surface.
Just like me!
"Does anyone think this?"
"The aliens are very hot on Jar Jar's fart?"
"The aliens look so feminine and sexy"
"There is also his way of farting and the way he turns to show off."
"It's like inviting him to look a little closer"
"The first time I watched this film is very small, then I will"
No no no no
Too classic is completely a legend in the history of YouTube
"Come back to PewDiePie, I have to do housework."
Where did he go? Please come back to Samuel Martinez!
I want to find him. I want to meet him and make a film. It will be awesome.
I want to know why he can go so long.
"I am coming back"
Finally! This message should be carried forward.
This is a great classic
Ten things that will happen after Queen Elizabeth’s death
"Big Ben, his * exploded"
We can't be sure, really
I really like this because it really shows how important the film thumbnail is.
If you really want to know what they want to say?
Most of the thumbnails you made will only show that you are an idiot.
Not including me, my thumbnail is the most flawless
Thank you for praising me.
Five live masters of the "Fortress Heroes" accidentally swearing my God, no
This is too much, that's why we are restricted to advertising
Everyone is saying that I am the chief culprit in the restriction of advertising.
Have you heard me swearing? Have you heard me say * *?
Oh, you are too disappointed, I thought you were not so superficial.
Wow, are we not benefiting a lot today?
YouTube is a great site full of beauty
I don't know how anyone thinks he is a *place
This is not the truth
If you are proud of yourself as a YouTube user, press like
Maybe check out my other similar videos.
And thank you very much to YouTube... poop YT...
I am not swearing, unlike the live masters who play <Fortress Hero>
But let me guess you guess where this started.
That is, someone on Twitter has a similar meme.
As usual, brothers and fists, everyone brahhhh